Now, the stack is one of four areas in
the process memory model which you as a programmer can use to hold data structures.
It is faster than the heap because the operating system has much less managing overhead,
and the only thing it does is to move a pointer to the top of the stack,
up and down depending on the variables and
functions in the local scope and the function calls that happened within.
From our perspective as a programmer,
stack memory is easy to use and we do not have to
concern ourselves at all with memory deallocation.
However, there are some downsides also as
always to stack memory as we will see in this section.
So let's take a look.